Oh, how's the preparation going?
Get ready, doesn't Dad like to drink?
I have treasured six of my five years
The grain and liquid have been taken out
Although not as good as Moutai
But it can also survive the scene
I've never been willing to drink it, oops
Well, forget it, that's the only way
Sometimes Qingxue promised Master Lin
We're going to have a great year
What is this called?
What can be done then?
This elm head is a garbage heap
Gave up a golden body
All right.
After clearing the snow for a while, your grandfather will start wearing no makeup soon.
Wait a minute.
Is the family still in order?
What a neat family
Do you really have to wait for that trash?
You believe everything he says
Let me tell you, Snow
He's not our family
That is.
Could it be that you still expect that trash to fake it?
Come and support us
I guess.
He just knew he wasn't into it.
Don't dare to come now?
Who said I wouldn't dare to come?
Dad Yaoyao hehe
Qingxue, I'm back
clear snow
Are you sure you want to go in with this trash?
Today is your grandfather's 70th birthday
It's not just about our return
It is the layout of the entire Liu family
Yes!
If he messes up your grandfather's 70th birthday
Let me tell you something.
Our family will be kicked out of the clouds in no time
There's no turning back.
Mom and Dad, don't worry.
I won't let him do that
I let you come because of Yaoyao's face
Don't mess around today
Listen to you
Oops ok ok
Grandpa's Knight Great Sage is about to start
Go in, go in, oops
Trash I warn you
After entering
Find an inconspicuous corner
Stay with me
Don't make any moths for me, otherwise
I will never let you see Qingxue for the rest of your life
Come on.